<p align="center">
<img width="800" src="https://github.com/Sefiraat/CrystamaeHistoria/blob/master/images/logo/logo.svg"><br><br>
</p>

Crystamae Historia is a Slimefun4 addon (currently a work in progress with much work left to do!) that adds a suite of
magical spells and a progression system for crafting and unlocking new spells.

Any major event or experience leaves its mark on the surrounding area. Historia allows you to harness this by drawing
out the raw essence of these experiences from blocks.

Boomer_1 has made two awesome videos that take you through the basics of Crystamae going from the first mechanisms to
casting your first spell in Part 1 to the various Gadgets and Tools Crystamae has to offer in Part 2. I'd encourange
everyone to watch these both and enjoy!

## Download Crystamae Historia

[![Build Status](https://thebusybiscuit.github.io/builds/Sefiraat/CrystamaeHistoria/master/badge.svg)](https://thebusybiscuit.github.io/builds/Sefiraat/CrystamaeHistoria/master)

## Videos

[![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/fggkwmf6V6k/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/embed/fggkwmf6V6k)

[![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/OiI6MaoiO_I/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OiI6MaoiO_I)

## The Chronicler

The Chronicler Panel is a magical device that allows you to draw out the stories that any Minecraft block has
experienced. These stories, once discovered, can be read from the block. Stories have a type, based on the type of
experience that created it.


<p align="center"><img width="900" src="https://github.com/Sefiraat/CrystamaeHistoria/blob/master/images/wiki/wiki_chronicler_panel.gif?raw=true"></p>

## The Realisation Altar

The Realisation Altar will take the stories that have been discovered on blocks and slowly draw out the magical energy
from them. This energy slowly begins to crystalize around the altar and, when fully matured, can be broken giving you
magic in its physical form. The type of crystal you get is dependent on the type of story that was used to form it.

<p align="center"><img width="900" src="https://github.com/Sefiraat/CrystamaeHistoria/blob/master/images/wiki/wiki_realisation_altar.gif?raw=true"></p>

## The Liquefaction Basin

One of the primary uses for magical crystals is the Liquefaction Basin. The Basin will take any crystals thrown into it
and convert them into a liquid state (Crystamae). When a valid catalyst is thrown in, the contents of the basin are
absorbed to create a magical artefact, the result being based on the types of Crystamae in the basin.

Be careful when using the basin though, a wrong recipe will ruin all your materials and, sometimes, have devastating
effects.

<p align="center"><img width="900" src="https://github.com/Sefiraat/CrystamaeHistoria/blob/master/images/wiki/wiki_liquefaction_basin.gif?raw=true"></p>

## Magical Plates

Using a steel plate as a catalyst, you can create a magical imbued plate. The plate will absorb the magic given to it
and, based on the top 3 magical values, will produce a plate that is able to channel a magical spell. 80 possible plate
combinations are available meaning 80 possible magical spells. Plates are attached to Staves using the Stave
Configurator.

Plates hold the potential for a magical spell but will need refilling with Crystamae as the magical energy is used.
There is no limit to the stored Crystamae. You can recharge a plate by dropping it into a basin.

<p align="center"><img width="900" src="https://github.com/Sefiraat/CrystamaeHistoria/blob/master/images/wiki/wiki_plate_filling.gif?raw=true"></p>

## Stave Configurator

A Stave is, surprisingly, very easy to craft and source. The downside being is that the Stave does nothing by itself.
Just like some sorcerers use runes to imbue a staff with magic, the Stave requires a filled Magical Plate to channel
magic. The configurator allows you to add/remove 4 plates to the Stave at any given time. Each plate binds it's spell to
a specific player action (Left, Right, Shift-Left and Shift-Right click). Plates can be added and removed freely to
customise your load-out whenever.

<p align="center"><img width="900" src="https://github.com/Sefiraat/CrystamaeHistoria/blob/master/images/wiki/wiki_stave_configurator.gif?raw=true"></p>

## Spells

The end result of all your hard work? Spells!

<p align="center"><img width="900" src="https://github.com/Sefiraat/CrystamaeHistoria/blob/master/images/wiki/wiki_spell_chaos.gif?raw=true"></p>

<p align="center"><img width="900" src="https://github.com/Sefiraat/CrystamaeHistoria/blob/master/images/wiki/wiki_spell_rof.gif?raw=true"></p>

<p align="center"><img width="900" src="https://github.com/Sefiraat/CrystamaeHistoria/blob/master/images/wiki/wiki_spell_ethereal.gif?raw=true"></p>

<p align="center"><img width="900" src="https://github.com/Sefiraat/CrystamaeHistoria/blob/master/images/wiki/wiki_spell_push.gif?raw=true"></p>

## Thanks!

As usual, a big thanks to those who tested Crystamae to get it to the nice state it is in.

A big thanks to the owners of **mct.tantrum.org** who have tested nearly everything I have made and really given me
direction and drive to make these things.

Another big shoutout to **GentlemanCheesy** of **mc.talosmp.net** for being my first (and as of writing this, only!)
sponsor. A few coffee's a month to make me feel better about making these addons <3
